[Music]
here in the London Boat Show at the
world launch of the princess s60 sport
bridge and despite being the smallest of
the three s-class model is designed to
showcase the very best of the s-class
DNA the main deck is all about a usable
variety of sociable spaces in pursuit of
that you get an excellent floor deck
seating area you get great companion
seating just opposite the two man helm
and as you step down towards the lower
levels and the aft galley you get
additional seating and excellent
integration with the aft spaces of the
cockpit down below there sleep in for
six people in three cabins with a pair
of head compartments both with showers
the fixtures of fittings all feel very
bespoke very customers we've come to
expect from princess but what's really
impressive here in the full beam master
suite is not just the big glazing
sections on the hull but also the
tremendous Headroom even at the head end
of the bed the flybridge is set quite a
long way aft it's also quite deep set
and quite short but it makes up for that
with its Brett again with a tremendous
amount of seating so what we have here
essentially is a high-performance very
sociable and great looking motor yacht
it's actually quite difficult to find
fault
[Music]